one of the strategies I used to handle fatigue is making sure I get a
good night's sleep. I know it's a very common statement, but people
not necessarily don't know how to do it. Make sure that the room is
is dark and maybe a little bit cool, making sure there's no blue lights
that your phone is. Is your turned off or turned upside down? Or
that there's no lights coming in that you have the same pattern? That
may be at a certain time. You You take a shower before you go to
sleep and allows your your body thio start to shut down for the evening
and that you're not looking at your phone or any kind of screen,
Uh, almost an hour before you go to bed. Those types of strategies
really can can really help you get back into a good sleep cycle, making
you able to handle fatigue and stress at work